List common phobias, the last player to run out or repeat an answer wins the points.
List times you would say "I'll never do that again", the first to run out or repeat an answer loses the points.
List sports until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List Game of Thrones characters until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List Simpsons characters until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List South Park characters until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List countries visited by at least someone in the group, until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
Name as many countries in the world that start with S, hand out this many loses the points, if you cannot name any or make a mistake.
Name as many countries that border Australia, if you cannot name any or make a mistake you lose.
Name as many countries in the world with the letter U in the name, hand out this many loses the points, if you cannot name any or make a mistake.
List 3 songs from One Direction, if you cannot name any or make a mistake you lose.
List the reader of this questions ex's until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points. If they have none, the reader loses the points.
List car brands until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List sex positions until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List ball shaped objects until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List colours until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List alcohol types until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List biggest turn offs until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List things cooked on a BBQ until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List superheroes until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List car brands until someone makes a mistake or repeats an answer, this person loses the points.
List different sex toys, first to run out loses the points.
