Last person who celebrated their birthday give out consumes.
Who is the sexiest person in the room?
Who is the most likely to save themselves in a life or death situation?
Who is most likely to give up their own lives to become a housewife/househusband?
Consume if you've ever made love in someone else's bed.
Consume if you've ever walked in on your parents having "alone time".
Who is the funniest drunk?
Those who don't have Twitter can hand out these consumes.
Everyone, consume as many sips as there are good-looking people in the room.
Gentlemen, consume as many sips as there are beautiful woman in the room.
Who is late the most, this person consumes.
Those who have opened Instagram today, consume.
Those who have opened Snapchat today, consume.
Go around the room, if you know the date you first had sex, say it and the person or consume.
Ladies, consume as many sips as there are handsome guys in the room.
Say a letter, everyone keeps adding letters until the first word is created, the creator consumes.
Consume this if you're single, consume twice this if you're in a relationship, consume three times this if it's complicated.
Consume if you have lost a card from your wallet, if you've lost your entire wallet.
Consume if you have said "I love you" to someone this week.
Consume if you have said "I love you" and not had it said back.
Bald people hand these consumes out.
Go around the room and guess the time, closest person hands out consumes, cheaters consume three times the amount.
First person to find a white object, hand out consumes. Double them if you're wearing tighty whities.
Who is the most introverted in the group. This person hands out these consumes.
The person with the most expensive shoes consumes.
The person with the most expensive phone consumes.
The person with the most expensive clothing item consumes.
People with a J in their name consume.
First player to touch the floor hands out consumes.
First player to touch the reader of this question give out consumes.
Consume if you have ever driven a vehicle drunk or high.
Everyone consumes!
Consume if you have plans to travel overseas this year.
Consume if you woke up after 10am today.
Around the room suggest something you have done, everyone who hasn't consumes.
Consume if you've ever not gone to the bathroom after watching a horror movie.
High five someone, last person to do so consumes.
Who is more likely to watch a romantic movie by themselves
Who would be more annoying in a relationship?
Who is the highest maintence in a relationship in this group?
Everyone can give any player these consumes.
Vegetarians and vegans, for trying to save the planet consume. 
Those who have read a book other than a textbook this year give out consumes. 
Anyone without their drivers license consume. 
Consume if you have ever done anything naughty in your parents bedroom.