When was the last time you lied?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever stayed friends with someone for sex?
Would you like to kiss someone in this room?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever made love in someone else's bed?
Have you ever made love in your parents bed?
Other than your family who is the last person you said I love you to?
Who was the last person you asked out on a date?
When was the last time you were on a date?
What was the last thing you said to your most recent ex?
Are you happy in your current relationship?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
Who was the last person you cancelled plans on and was the reason genuine?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What person do you text the most?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
What's your favorite part of your body?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
Who in the room do you think would be the worst date?
Have you fallen in love with a friend of your partner and did they noticed?
What is the worst rumor or gossip you said?
Have you ever peed in a blow-up pool?
Who do you think is the worst dressed here?
Is there anyone in the room dating the wrong person?
Have you ever picked your nose and eaten it?
Do you prefer to dominate or be dominated?
What is your favourite sex position?
What is the wildest place you have ever had sex in?
Have you ever had a crush on a TV personality?
Have you ever had a crush on an animated character?
Have you ever had a crush on someone who lives overseas?
Have you ever been the other man/woman?
What are you most afraid of?
How did your last relationship end?
How old were you when you lost your virginity?
Have you ever driven while under the influence of drugs?
What was your longest relationship?
If you could live in any sitcom, which would it be?
