Would you rather have no friends or never be able to use an electric device?
Would you rather make time stand still, or become super fast?
Would you rather be famous, or the best friend of someone famous?
Would you rather be Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw?
Would you rather be robbed of all you own, or be in debt you're entire life.
Would you rather 10 Billion dollars, or three wishes that cannot grant money?
Would you rather have to steal an old womans wallet or tell a dozen orphans that their parents are dead?
Would you rather never again be able to take a shower or never be able to brush your teeth?
Would you rather hibernate for 3 months a year and never get tired the remaining 9, or sleep as normal?
Would you rather never cut your hair again or never groom your pubes again?
Would you rather date the creator of this app or be single for the rest of your life? 
Would you rather the aliens that make first contact be robotic or organic?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or lose the ability to speak?
Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would you rather be in jail for a year or lose a year off your life?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather have one real get out of jail free card or a key that opens any door?
Would you rather be married to a 10 with a bad personality or a 5 with an amazing personality?
Would you rather have all traffic lights you approach be green or never have to stand in line again?
Would you rather give up all drinks except for water or give up eating anything that was cooked in an oven or air fryer?
Would you rather be able to see 10 minutes into your own future or 10 minutes into the future of anyone but yourself?
Would you rather be the first person to explore a planet or be the inventor of a drug that cures a deadly disease?
Would you rather go back to age 5 with everything you know now or know now everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather be an average person in the present or a king of a large country 2500 years ago?
Would you rather be able to dodge anything no matter how fast it’s moving or be able to ask any three questions and have them answered accurately?
Would you rather be forced to dance every time you heard music or be forced to sing along to any song you heard?
Would you rather have all your clothes fit perfectly or have the most comfortable pillow, blankets, and sheets in existence?
Would you rather move to a new city or town every week or never be able to leave the city or town you were born in?
Would you rather be completely insane and know that you are insane or completely insane and believe you are sane?
Would you rather travel the world for a year on a shoestring budget or stay in only one country for a year but live in luxury?
Would you rather have whatever you are thinking to appear above your head for everyone to see or have absolutely everything you do live streamed for anyone to see?
Would you rather wake up as a new random person every year and have full control of them for the whole year or once a week spend a day inside a stranger without having any control of them?
Would you rather be a reverse centaur or a reverse mermaid/merman?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather every shirt you ever wear be kind of itchy or only be able to use 1 ply toilet paper?
Would you rather have edible spaghetti hair that regrows every night or sweat (not sweet) maple syrup?
Would you rather have to read aloud every word you read or sing everything you say out loud?
Would you rather have all dogs try to attack you when they see you or all birds try to attack you when they see you?
Would you rather have skin that changes color based on your emotions or tattoos appear all over your body depicting what you did yesterday?
Would you rather there be a perpetual water balloon war going on in your city/town or a perpetual food fight?
Would you rather become twice as strong when both of your fingers are stuck in your ears or crawl twice as fast as you can run?
Would you rather everyone be required to wear identical silver jumpsuits or any time two people meet and are wearing an identical article of clothing they must fight to the death?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be able to control fire or water?
Would you rather live without the internet or live without AC and heating?
Would you rather be feared by all or loved by all?
Would you rather be constantly tired no matter how much you sleep or constantly hungry no matter how much you eat? 
Would you rather have the police hunting you for a murder you didn’t commit or a psychopathic clown hunting you?
Would you rather wake up in the middle of an unknown desert or wake up in a rowboat on an unknown body of water?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
Would you rather have everything on your phone right now (browsing history, photos, etc.) made public to anyone who searches your name or never use a cell phone again?
Would you rather be beautiful/handsome but stupid or intelligent but ugly?
Would you rather never lose your phone again or never lose your keys again?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages and never be able to travel or be able to travel anywhere for a year but never be able to learn a word of a different language?
Would you rather be an amazing painter or a brilliant mathematician?
Would you rather never have to work again or never have to sleep again
Would you rather know when you are going to die or how you are going to die?
Would you rather be alone for the rest of your life or always be surrounded by annoying people?
Would you rather be locked in a room that is constantly dark for a week or a room that is constantly bright for a week?
Would you rather have a flying carpet or a car that can drive underwater?
Would you rather have out of control body hair or a strong, pungent body odor?
Would you rather have chapped lips that never heal or terrible dandruff that can’t be treated?
Would you rather be forced to eat only spicy food or only incredibly bland food?
Would you rather find your true love or a suitcase with five million dollars inside?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather live in a utopia as a normal person or in a dystopia but you are the supreme ruler?
Would you rather always feel like someone is following you, but no one is, or always feel like someone is watching you, even though no one is?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather be lost in a bad part of town or lost in the forest?
Would you rather all plants scream when you cut them / pick their fruit or animals beg for their lives before they are killed?
Would you rather have plants grow at 20 times their normal rate when you are near or for people and animals to stop aging when you are near them?
Would you rather have one nipple or two belly buttons?
Would you rather have every cat or dog that gets lost end up at your house or everyone’s clothes that they forget in the dryer get teleported to your house?
Would you rather have hands that kept growing as you got older or feet that kept growing as you got older?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
Would you rather find five dollars on the ground or find all your missing socks?
Would you rather be born again in a totally different life or born again with all the knowledge you have now?
Would you rather have constantly dry eyes or a constant runny nose?
Would you rather spend two years with your soul mate only to have them die and you never love again or spend your life with someone nice you settled for?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather have the power to gently nudge anyone’s decisions or have complete puppet master control of five people?
Would you rather know the uncomfortable truth of the world or believe a comforting lie?
Would you rather sell all of your possessions or sell one of your organs?
Would you rather your shirts be always two sizes too big or one size too small?
Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would you rather have a horrible job, but be able to retire comfortably in 10 years or have your dream job, but have to work until the day you die?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a fly or just cease to exist after you die?
Would you rather clean rest stop toilets or work in a slaughterhouse for a living?
Would you rather be unable to have kids or only be able to conceive quintuplets?
Would you rather have unlimited sushi for life or unlimited tacos for life? 
Would you rather give up bathing for a month or give up the internet for a month?
Would you rather never be able to drink sodas like coke again or only be able to drink sodas and nothing else?
Would you rather live under a sky with no stars at night or live under a sky with no clouds during the day?
Would you rather super sensitive taste or super sensitive hearing?
Would you rather a home on the beach or in the mountains?
Would you rather go back in time, or go into the future?
Would you rather live in the city, or in the country?
Would you rather never wear socks again, or never be able to not have socks on?
Would you rather birth a child, or wear high heels non-stop for a week?
